First commit (#1)
appcircleio/appcircle-change-java-version-component: README.md

# Appcircle Change Java Version

This step switches to the selected Java version during the build process. 

If your runner is self-hosted, ensure that the selected Java version is available in your environment. If not, you must install the required version before this step.

## Required Input Variables

> - `$AC_SELECTED_JAVA_VERSION`: Select the Java version to switch to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `$AC_SELECTED_JAVA_VERSION`: Change the Java version in the environment to the selected Java version.
```
For more clear understand we can change the description like that.

Author: @boztopuz I deliberately did not extend this explanation, I kept it simple and understandable.
Did you think it was incomprehensible?
If so, I can improve it further, but I did not find the suggested change correct. The reasons are:

### `Change`:
This improvement will come with the following default variable. Here, we want it to do "Select", not "Change"
![Screenshot 2024-10-25 at 12 32 32](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcef72bb-b7fe-42ef-aac1-57e1def4ff9d)

### `in the environment`:
This component does not only change the environment, it also changes the system Java version.

### `to the selected Java version`
I avoided repeating words in the same sentence, so I deliberately did not add this, but I will improve it a little more.

How to use the following:
```suggestion
- `$AC_SELECTED_JAVA_VERSION`: Select the Java version to switch to. If the selected version is not available on the runner, an error will occur. Check available Java versions for your runner [here](https://docs.appcircle.io/infrastructure/android-build-infrastructure#java-version).
```

or if you have another suggestion, we can talk about it too.

Reviewer: The last change you mentioned is okey
